Add link to sales contract changes on Sales / Contracts section (#9473)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/contracts.md

7. Check the signing order (Client, then PostHog normally).
8. Send for signature.

> Sometimes customers will ask for changes to our MSA we have a list of acceptable changes in a private repo - you can find them [here](https://github.com/PostHog/company-internal/blob/master/finance/sales%20contract%20changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes large customers will ask for changes to our MSA. We have a list of the kinds of changes we will/won't consider in a private repo [here](https://github.com/PostHog/company-internal/blob/master/finance/sales%20contract%20changes) that you can generally agree to without the Ops team reviewing. However, if you are ever in doubt, ask Fraser. 
```
